[UI]Dark Theme (#2910)
layer5io/layer5: src/theme/app/THEME.md

## Adding dark theme for components

> 1. To differentiate the colors between dark theme and light theme, we have already created a customisation system in which we can define style like colors, position, display etc for both theme using {props => props.theme.DarkTheme? darkThemeStyle: LightThemeStyle} 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To differentiate between the colors of dark and light theme, we have created a customization system in which we can define styles like color, position, display etc using {props => props.theme.DarkTheme? darkThemeStyle: LightThemeStyle} 
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you, @warunicorn19 👏

> 2. It is not recommended to fill style sheet with css variables, if possible use only colors or styles that are already defined in themeStyles.js.

Reviewer: This point is a bit unclear. You should probably phrase it as "It is recommended to use pre-existing styles or colors from the theme. Avoid adding your own CSS variables."

## Changing svg according to theme

> 1. To Change svg according to theme, We strongly recommend to add classe or id in inner paths in the svg and fill them with the preferable colors like we did in the case of the components.

Reviewer: This could probably also be rephrased.

## Changing local images according to theme

1. To Change images according to theme, We strongly recommend to pass theme state to specific image parent component and change its source according to the theme. For example- <img src={theme ==="dark"? DarkThemelogoSource : LightThemelogoSource}/> 

2. Also Fetching Logo source as a Source variable is recommended as it will be easier to read.

## Changing images in gatsby-image-plugin.

> 1. Procidure of changing image for gatsby-image is same as we change for local images, however we recommend you to fetch two images, as one for dark theme and one for light theme change it according to theme state as we did with local theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Procedure of changing image for gatsby-image is same as we change for local images, however we recommend you to fetch two images, as one for dark theme and one for light theme change it according to theme state as we did with local theme.
```

Reviewer 3: How come, that's the case with `gatsby-image`? We discussed adding an additional front matter. Isn't it?

Reviewer 3: Like `darkThumbnail` and use that in graphql.
Or, is the above reference for `StaticImage` component?

## Adding dark theme for components

1. To differentiate between the colors of dark and light theme, we have created a customization system in which we can define styles like color, position, display etc using {props => props.theme.DarkTheme? darkThemeStyle: LightThemeStyle} 
  

2. It is recommended to use pre-existing styles or colors from the theme. Avoid adding your own CSS variables."

 Examples- To change Text Color according to theme

> color: ${props => props.theme.DarkTheme ? "rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.6)" :"rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.6)"}; (Not recommended, only use when there is a need for creating a new css variable)

Reviewer 4: Let's put the recommended example first.

color: ${props => props.theme.DarkTheme ? props.theme.secondaryColor : props.theme.primaryLightColor}; (Recommended)

## Changing svg according to theme

> 1. To Change svg according to theme, We strongly recommend innerpaths or rect or polygon to fill them with the preferable colors like we did in the case of the components.

Reviewer 4: Can you explain the approach you have adopted to display different svg's in different modes first. It can be very brief but will provide a better understanding to contributors. After explaining what you did and why, we can move on to this instruction/example.

Examples -

   rect {
        fill:  ${props => props.theme.DarkTheme ? "#313131" : "#C9FCF6"};  
      }
      path {
        stroke: ${props => props.theme.DarkTheme ? props.theme.keppelColor: "#00B39F"};
      }

## Changing local images according to theme

> 1. To Change images according to theme, We strongly recommend to pass theme state to specific image parent component and change its source according to the theme. For example- <img src={theme ==="dark"? DarkThemelogoSource : LightThemelogoSource}/> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. To Change images according to theme, pass theme state to specific image parent component and change its source according to the theme. For example- <img src={theme ==="dark"? DarkThemelogoSource : LightThemelogoSource}/> 
```

Reviewer 2: I "Change" capitalized for a reason?

2. Also Fetching Logo source as a Source variable is recommended as it will be easier to read.

    Examples-                   
    
    <img src={theme ==="dark"? CNCFLightstackedlogo : CNCFstackedlogo} alt="About Layer5 Projects" />

## Changing images in gatsby-image-plugin according to theme.

> 1. Procedure of changing image for gatsby-image is same as we change for local images, however we recommend you to fetch two images, as one for dark theme and one for light theme change it according to theme state as we did with local theme.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. Procedure of changing image for gatsby-image is same as we change for local images, however we recommend you to fetch two images, as one for dark theme and one for light theme change it according to theme state as we did with local images.
```

Reviewer 2: Please use "you", not "we", if you need to use these words at all.

    Example(For Thumbnail)- 
      
        Fetching images through Graphql:
          Add this in graphql query in frontmatter
           darkthumbnail {
            childImageSharp {
              gatsbyImageData(layout: FULL_WIDTH)
            }
            extension
            publicURL
          }

          Change image according to theme
          <Image

>              {...(theme ==="dark"? frontmatter.darkthumbnail : frontmatter.thumbnail)}

Reviewer 4: Since `darkthumbnail` a now required field for collections, make sure you add the necessary instructions to the respective templates(`blog`, `resources`, `events`, `news`)

Author: darkthumbail is required to be added in (blogs,resource... etc).mdx files, I think it should be written in docs for writing blog.

             import layer5dark_logo from "../../../assets/images/layer5/layer5-only/svg/layer5-light-no-trim.svg";

            2. Pass the theme and change its source according to the theme.

             <img src={theme === "dark" ? layer5dark_logo : layer5_logo} alt="Layer5 logo" />

2. To change similar SVG as in dark and light according to the theme, fill inner paths or rect or polygon with the preferable colors like in the case of the components.

Examples -

   rect {
        fill:  ${props => props.theme.DarkTheme ? "#313131" : "#C9FCF6"};  
      }
      path {
        stroke: ${props => props.theme.DarkTheme ? props.theme.keppelColor: "#00B39F"};
      }

## Changing local images according to theme

1. To Change images according to the theme, pass the theme state to a specific image parent component and change its source according to the theme. For example- <img src={theme ==="dark"? DarkThemelogoSource : LightThemelogoSource}/> 

2. Also Fetch Logo source as a Source variable is recommended as it will be easier to read.

    Examples-                   
    
    <img src={theme ==="dark"? CNCFLightstackedlogo : CNCFstackedlogo} alt="About Layer5 Projects" />

> 

Reviewer 2: Consolidate this instruction set into the first set of instructions above.

Make the first set of instructions above generic to all image types. Remove the "local" descriptor of images.

## Changing images in gatsby-image-plugin according to the theme.

1. Procedure of changing the image for the gatsby-image is the same as we change for local images, however, it is recommended to fetch two images, one for a dark theme and one for a light theme change it according to the theme state as did with local images.

>     Example(For Thumbnail)- 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Example (For Thumbnail)
```

> 1. Procedure of changing the image for the gatsby-image is the same as we change for local images, however, it is recommended to fetch two images, one for a dark theme and one for a light theme change it according to the theme state as did with local images.
> 
>     Example(For Thumbnail)- 
>       
>         Fetching images through Graphql:
>           Add this in graphql query in frontmatter
>            darkthumbnail {
>             childImageSharp {
>               gatsbyImageData(layout: FULL_WIDTH)
>             }
>             extension
>             publicURL
>           }
> 
>           Change image according to theme
>           <Image
>              {...(theme ==="dark"? frontmatter.darkthumbnail : frontmatter.thumbnail)}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Procedure of changing the image for the gatsby-image is the same as we change for images, however, it is recommended to fetch two images, one for a dark theme and one for a light theme change it according to the theme state as did with images.

    Example(For Thumbnail)- 
      
        Fetching images through Graphql:
          Add this in graphql query in frontmatter
           darkthumbnail {
            childImageSharp {
              gatsbyImageData(layout: FULL_WIDTH)
            }
            extension
            publicURL
          }

          Change image according to theme
          <Image
             {...(theme ==="dark"? frontmatter.darkthumbnail : frontmatter.thumbnail)}
```
